I like doing sports and reading in my free time. My favorite sport is basketball. I often play basketball with my classmates after school and play with my friends on weekends. I like playing basketball because it can make me strong and health. When I play basketball, I forget all my worries and I can make lots of friends who have the same interest. In the evening when I finish doing my homework, I like reading because I can get lots of knowledge from books and the books can tell me more about China and the world. Books are our best friends and they can open our eyes,too. I like all kinds of books, story book, novels and so on.

There are four people in my family,my parents,my bother and I.My family is pretty good. I¡¯m really happy. 
My brother is shy and funny. He is good at sports and does well in volleyball.But he hates studying and his grades are bad. He like telling jokes. He always plays jokes on his friends and my family, and always makes us laugh. 
My father is a doctor. He works in a hospital of Sanya. He doesn¡¯t like watching TV, but he likes reading newspaper and read it every night. 
My mother is a waitress. She works in a restaurant. She has good habits. She likes eating vegetables and drinking milk every day. But I don¡¯t like milk. It is awful. She likes watching Beijing Opera at free time. She says it¡¯s good for her to keep young and it can make her relaxed. 
My families are always doing what is best for me.They are always on my side. 
I love each person in my family. I love my sweet warm home. 

I like doing sports and reading in my free time. My favorite sport is basketball. I often play basketball with my classmates after school and play with my friends on weekends. I like playing basketball because it can make me strong and health. When I play basketball, I forget all my worries and I can make lots of friends who have the same interest. In the evening when I finish doing my homework, I like reading because I can get lots of knowledge from books and the books can tell me more about China and the world. Books are our best friends and they can open our eyes,too. I like all kinds of books, story book, novels and so on.